Telcodocs 2124:  Ensure NUMA Resources Operator Works on HyperShift Hosted Clusters (#91162)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cnf-sample-single-numa-policy-from-pp.adoc

    realTime: true
----

> <1> This should match the `MachineConfigPool` that you want to configure the NUMA Resources Operator on. For example, you might have created a `MachineConfigPool` named `worker-cnf` that designates a set of nodes that run telecommunications workloads. It should match the `machineConfigPoolSelector` in the `NUMAResourcesOperator` CR configured later in "Creating the NUMAResourcesOperator custom resource".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> This value should match the `MachineConfigPool` value that you want to configure the NUMA Resources Operator on. For example, you might create a `MachineConfigPool` object named `worker-cnf` that designates a set of nodes that run telecommunications workloads. The value for `MachineConfigPool` should match the `machineConfigPoolSelector` value in the `NUMAResourcesOperator` CR that you configure later in "Creating the NUMAResourcesOperator custom resource".
```
Feel free to ignore or change my suggestion if it introduces inaccuracies.

> <1> This value should match the `MachineConfigPool` value that you want to configure the NUMA Resources Operator on. For example, you might create a `MachineConfigPool` object named `worker-cnf` that designates a set of nodes that run telecommunications workloads. The value for `MachineConfigPool` should match the `machineConfigPoolSelector` value in the `NUMAResourcesOperator` CR that you configure later in "Creating the NUMAResourcesOperator custom resource".

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> This value must match the `MachineConfigPool` value that you want to configure the NUMA Resources Operator on. For example, you might create a `MachineConfigPool` object named `worker-cnf` that designates a set of nodes that run telecommunications workloads. The value for `MachineConfigPool` must match the `machineConfigPoolSelector` value in the `NUMAResourcesOperator` CR that you configure later in "Creating the NUMAResourcesOperator custom resource".
```

> <2> The `topologyPolicy` must be set to `single-numa-node`. Ensure that this is the case by setting the `topology-manager-policy` argument to `single-numa-node` when running the PPC tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Ensure that the `topologyPolicy` is set to `single-numa-node` by setting the `topology-manager-policy` argument to `single-numa-node` when you run the PPC tool.
```

> <2> Ensure that the `topologyPolicy` is set to `single-numa-node` by setting the `topology-manager-policy` argument to `single-numa-node` when you run the PPC tool.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<2> Ensure that the `topologyPolicy` field is set to `single-numa-node` by setting the `topology-manager-policy` argument to `single-numa-node` when you run the PPC tool.
```

+
[NOTE]
====

> For hosted control plane clusters, the `machineConfigPoolSelector` does not have any functional effect. Node association is instead determined by the specified `nodePool`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For hosted control plane clusters, the `machineConfigPoolSelector` does not have any functional effect. Node association is instead determined by the specified `NodePool` object.
```
In the hosted control planes documentation, the spelling is typically `NodePool`.

    realTime: true
----

> <1> This should match the `MachineConfigPool` that you want to configure the NUMA Resources Operator on. For example, you might have created a `MachineConfigPool` named `worker-cnf` that designates a set of nodes that run telecommunications workloads. It should match the `machineConfigPoolSelector` in the `NUMAResourcesOperator` CR configured later in "Creating the NUMAResourcesOperator custom resource".

Reviewer 3: same as my comment above, there's no actual meaning to the selector in HyperShift.
It's all done via the `nodePool` object.
